Training Guides:

-- The host must join the game atleast 30 minutes before the session starts.

Session ranks:

Attendee has to be Trainee, Junior Barista, Barista and if applied for SA, Senior Barista may attend in mass trainings.
Host has to be Board Of Directors+
Co-Host has to be Gerenal Manager+
Trainer has to be Staff Assistant+
Helper has to be Staff Assistant+
Spectator has to be Staff Assistant+
Ranker has to be Board Of Directors+

-- Before you start a session, you need to claim it first. You can do it by going to the claim catagory, and heading to #trainings, type in the format, and then host.

-- After claiming, let everyone know by typing this into the group shout:

Host: Salutations, I am hosting a training session beginning at (START TIME HERE), trainees have a chance of getting promoted, while SA+ may come and assist.

-- The host must then join the training center, the host should wait for the others to come.

-- You would require a Co-Host for a session

Session requirements:

Must have co-host
Must have 2 trainers
Must have 4 helpers
Must have 1+ rankers

-- These will apply in the future since we aren't really that active yet

-- If the trainees and assistants start joining, say this:

Host: :m To all trainees, say PTS if you need help or want to ask a question. Do not spam PTS or it will be 3 warnings, then a kick.

-- The host and co-host must pick the roles for all SA+, name them the roles, you pick them.

-- When the training starts:

Host or Co-Host: :slock

Host: :m Salutations, and welcome to the training session. My name is (name here), and I will be the host for today's session.

Co-Host: :m Salutations, and welcome to the training session. My name is (name here), and I will be the co-host for today's session.

Host: :m My Co-Host will explain rules, listen to these rules so you can follow these rules and not break the rules.

-- Co-Host must begin there lines

Co-Host: :m Rule 1: Do not troll, trolling will result in 3 warnings, then a kick from the server.

Co-Host: :m Rule 2: Do not exploit, exploiting will be a INSTANT BAN from the server / or forever.

Co-Host: :m Rule 3: Do not cheat, cheating will be a kick + a possible demotion.

Co-Host: :m Rule 4: Do not record this training, doing so is a kick + a possible ban from this training center.

Co-Host: :m Rule 5: Do not spam, spamming will be a warning, then a kick. Mass spamming will be a INSTANT ban from the server.

Co-Host: :m Now I would like to give the speaker back to the host, so he could explain more.

-- Host must begin there lines

Host: :m Now back to me, I would now explain about the training.

Host: :m There are 3 sections: Ordering, Quiz, and Trolling.

Host: :m Your trainer will explain about these sessions, so we are divided into 2 groups: Group A, and B.

Host: :m The trainer will tell you to join there group, follow them, then head to the group, the trainer might also bring people who are in.

Host: :m If you didn't get moved, that means the training is full, if training is full is a dismissal.

Host: :m Now, everyone must begin, this concludes the announcement.

-- Trainers, bring the trainees.
                                         
Trainer: Hello, and welcome to the training session! My name is (name), say hello to the helpers behind me.

Trainee: Hi!

Trainer: Like the host said, there are 3 sections: Ordering, Quiz, and Trolling, and we will do these sections.

Trainer: Any questions before we begin?

-- The trainee must say either yes or no, if yes then you or the helpers must answer them.

Trainer: Let's begin, the 1st section is the ordering section.

Trainer: The ordering section is when you are responsible for making orders to customers, if you don't then you will be demoted.

Trainer: First, when the customer apporaches you, say your greetings.

Trainer: A greeting for example is like: "Hello! Welcome to Whatashaker cafe, my name is (name), and how can I help you on this wonderful day?".

Trainer: Then, the customer will say hi, and after that ask for what they want to eat/drink.

Trainer: It is your responsibity for making the food, and interacting with customers.

Trainer: Reply back with "Great choice! Coming right up!".

Trainer: Now, go and make the food/drink, if you don't know. Look at the recipe book, but be quick.

Trainer: After making the food/drink, head to the customer, and use the /handto cmd or handto button to give it to the customer.

Trainer: Say something like "Thank you for coming to Whatashaker cafe! We hope you come again!"

Trainer: But, anyways. Let's begin, my helpers will come up, and you guys have to do it.

-- The helpers must apporach the half of the group, Helper 1 will go on the first half, while Helper 2, on the other half.

Helper: Greetings?

-- The trainee must say a perfect greeting.

Helper: Hi!

Helper: I want a (put food/drink here).

-- The trainee must say something like "Great choice, coming right up!"

-- The trainee must make the food/drink.

-- The trainee must apporach the helper and type in /handto user.

Helper: Thank you!

-- The trainee must say the ending greeting.

Helper: I will be now giving you the results.

IF PASS THEN:

Helper: Congratulations, you have passed the 1st section, please do not leave yet as you have 2 more sections to complete!

IF FAIL THEN:

Helper: Sadly, you have failed this section. If you fail the next section, then you will fail this training, so improve in the next section.

-- TRAINER, BEGIN WITH 2ND SECTION

Trainer: Congratulations to the passers, now let's focus on the 2nd section, quiz.

Trainer: In this section, my helpers will give you 3 questions about your job, if you get atleast 2/3 correct. You will pass this section.

Trainer: Do not cheat or share answers, or you will fail this training.

Trainer: Now, let's begin.

Trainer/Helper: :pm (trainee user) How many warnings does a troller get?

Correct answer: 3

Trainer/Helper: :pm (trainee user) How many warnings does a exploiter get?

Correct answer: 0

Trainer/Helper: :pm (trainee user) What would you do if you see another LR being disrespectful?

Correct answer: I will give them 3 warnings, then report them to a MR/HR+.

Helper: I will be now giving you the results.

IF PASS THEN:

Helper: Congratulations, you have passed the 2nd section, please do not leave yet as you have 1 more section to complete!

IF FAIL THEN:

Helper: Sadly, you have failed this section. If you fail the next section, then you will fail this training, so improve in the final section.

IF FAILED, BUT ALREADY FAILED:

Helper: Sadly, you failed 2/3 sections, you are dismissed. You can stay here for group photo if you want.

-- TRAINER, BEGIN THE 3RD SECTION

Trainer: Now, the final section. Which is trolling.

Trainer: In this section, my helpers will pretend to be a common person breaking the rules, your job is to deal with them.

Trainer: For example, if I troll and use caps, I will get a warning, and if I keep doing it 2nd warning, then 3rd.

Trainer: If I reach my 3rd warning, you have to call MR+ for example: *calls mr* to deal with my helpers, note this is pretending, this is not real.

Trainer: If you want to give a warning to a troller, type this example: W1 - Trolling.

Trainer: However, for exploiting, call a HR+ instantly, do *calls HR+*

Trainer: If you are unsure of what trolling means, that means when you be silly, and do off-topic stuff, ask for stuff out of the menu, using caps, etc.

Trainer: Exploiting means when you fly around, and have admin powers.

Trainer: But anyway, let's begin.

-- HELPERS STAND BY THE TRAINEES

Helper: Greetings?

-- The trainee must say there greeting, after saying there greeting. The helper must start trolling/exploiting.

-- The trainee must give 3 warnings, then say *calls MR+* if the helper fully trolls

-- If the helper says *exploits* the trainee must say something like *calls HR+*

Helper: I will be now giving results.

IF PASS THEN:

Helper: Congratulations, you have passed the whole training! Please follow the trainer to the promotion room so you can get a promotion as a reward!

IF FAIL THEN:

Helper: Sadly, you have failed this section, but since you failed just 1. I will let you go with the passers, congratulations on atleast passing!

IF FAILED, BUT ALREADY FAILED:

Helper: Sadly, you failed 2/3 sections, you are dismissed. You can stay here for group photo if you want.

Trainer: Congratulations on passing, passers! I will lead you to the waiting room to get promoted!

Trainer: There are a few ways to get through the rooms, reset, then you will be in the rooms.

-- The trainees must either follow the trainer or reset, then sit in the seats for the rankers to promote the trainees.

-- If everyone has been ranked:

Host: :m I would like for everyone to stand by stage, and take a group photo.

Host: :m Everyone say #TRAININGS!                                                      

-- The host or co-host should take the picture, and then post it into the dizzy server in #memories.

Host: :m Taken!

Host: :m The training has concluded, thank you to everyone for attending, and congrats to the people who received a promotion! Bye!

-- The host or co-host may shutdown the server, or just keep the server running for time for everyone to leave.

IF SHUTDOWN THEN:

Host or Co-Host: :shutdown This training has been concluded, there are more trainings hosted in the future!

-- THE END OF THE TRAINING GUIDES, THE HOST OR ANYONE ELSE MAY USE IT AGAIN TO DO MORE TRAININGS















